i okay i okay i old Caillou I own kayo
youkai ionica
check out our Facebook it's gone viral
call this the Facebook revival
hand me my Bible 19% Facebook stock
increase just take a look at those
Nasdaq tickers sheets try to find a
thicker beat 15k sisters deep so get on
a knee and wash up sister's feet haters
the sisters ratio low we're all sisters
now in case you didn't know thousand
small-town lounging everybody are bigger
bigger waste your time big rubric we
will shootin all I do is wrap the kana
see complaining about your add to the
group the group is fresh has a brand new
boy and his birthday suit so please if
you're gonna be part of us remember
y'all please don't curse to the Lord
above and hate your thoughts and he
knows what to do that includes you new
do probably from Timbuktu
20:12
reppin Keota conciliation proper kya
must have told you if you think this
fake you ain't with one iota this is
growing around the clock will keep a
quota see this with a fam world a pagoda
tight like spandex but we ain't doing
yoga reppin freaking letters on our Iike
togas we will never end repeat is a
Lakota nor Dakota Oklahoma or to Europa
get a world drives super electro Yoda
hope wake the sleeping giant harboring
Yamamoto accelerated overseas not in
Testarossa fetch the fattened calf and
toss it on the roaster ha Lily's
blossoms taking that aroma with a 13k
revolution Saratoga present Lord Jehovah
is my diploma looking Pinker than a pig
staff it's kind of funny oh the things
we get away with but you can do whatever
when your club this famous
14k sissies we still adopt him put a
bunch of pepto-bismol acid so my clothes
is saggy but my sissies got me keep on
pushing buttons like a tamagotchi got me
Alison embrace rying to black me they
can leave the page but they never leave
the posse be forever never get enough
Oh Nicastro their out as a small club
but now the records broken Kevin spoke
the truth in the truth stay potent you
were loved then you were chosen all
because one girl left the group